Apply new md link rules (#25)
SovereignCloudStack/release-notes: ReleaseX.md

# Release Notes for SCS Release X

This document is work in progress for the upcoming Release X.

> Release 4 will be released in Months/Year.

Reviewer: I know it has nothing to do with the docusaurus upgrade, but can we change this?
```suggestion
Release X will be released in Month/Year.
```
